hi everyone I'm Noreen and welcome to my
kitchen
and we're gonna make another coffee
drink today this is one of my favorites
and you can do this hot you can do it
cold doesn't matter we're gonna do it
ice today because it is still summer
after all brewed some coffee last night
before we went to bed I've got some
crushed ice here
what we're gonna make is a almond joy
and I forgot to take out all the
extracts and that would probably help a
lot
you know if I'm gonna make it enjoy so
alright let's see on the joint so what
we have I'm just gonna go ahead and
start making it I'm gonna pour some
coffee in here and that's about a half a
cup over ice and you're gonna put some
milk in here and I'm gonna put a little
bit of cream that was about two
tablespoons of milk about the same as
cream and I put two tablespoons of
chocolate syrup or their pouch and this
is my homemade chocolate syrup and I'm
almost out because I got my kids making
stuff every day no sir
you know enjoying stuff like syrup so
I'm not to make more and that's how we
like it
alright Oh have ok see I did that all
right I need almond extract is very
powerful stuff so we're gonna use
quarter of a teaspoon or even a scant
quarter of a teaspoon like almost like
drop ease we're gonna use coconut
extract
brand-new bottle here oh thanks because
I can't stand prints oh you know what
maybe we'll go ahead and use it the same
and oh that smells so good I love
watkins products I gotta tell you I'm so
happy that I can get these in my local
store now this is that Watkins they've
been around forever I love their vanilla
too when I have to buy vanilla but I
make my own oh it's been a good long
time at least two or three years okay so
I have just about two tablespoons of
coconut left in here toasted and I'm
gonna use almost all of it if something
gonna save some we're gonna save some
for the top
okay so we've got crushed iced coffee
and milk a little bit of cream we've got
chocolate syrup almond extract coconut
extract toasted coconut and crushed ice
and you can just use plain ice cubes it
doesn't matter that's just what came out
when I hit the button this morning okay
how's it up
and you can put more ice in this if you
want to make it slush here but I'm just
going for a blended drink so the next
thing that we want to do is avoid the
speed bump there she is probably have
just enough whipped cream in this can
put a little coconut on here if you
wanted to help everyone know that you
were eating an almond joy then what I
would do is put a few little slivered
almonds on there too but we're not going
to do that today and that is how you
make an almond joy after you wipe up
your mess all you need that is a straw
and the the pretty fire
and look how nice and dark it is it's
really really dark just like an almond
joy that's how you make an almond joy I
hope you try it I hope you love it
until next time well wait a second
because Ric's tasting it oh that's
pretty good he always sounds surprised
when he tastes stuff you think he'd know
he's been with me this long I hope you
try it I hope you love it and until next
time
you